# React Native Calculator App

## Description
This repository contains a simple calculator application developed in React Native. The calculator provides an intuitive interface with buttons for numbers, operators, and special functionalities.

## Main Components
### Calculator
The `Calculator` component serves as the core of the application, handling the logic behind the calculator. It features a display area for the current expression and interactive buttons for entering numbers and operations. The code is structured to accommodate various mathematical operations, including clearing, percentage calculation, and square root.

### Box
The `Box` component plays a crucial role in organizing the calculator's buttons into rows, contributing to a flexible and responsive layout.

### TextArea
The `TextArea` component is responsible for displaying the current expression of the calculator in a text area, providing a clear representation of user input and the resulting expression.

## Styles
Styles have been defined using the React Native StyleSheet library. Adjustments to colors, font sizes, and layout ensure a visually pleasing experience.

## How to Run
Ensure that you have set up the React Native development environment. Use the following commands:

```bash
# Install dependencies
npm install

# Run on Android emulator or device
npx react-native run-android
# or
npx react-native run-ios
```

### Running with Expo
If the project is configured to run with Expo, follow these instructions:

1. Download the Expo Go app from your device's app store.
2. Scan the QR code generated by the command:
   ```bash
   expo start
   ```
3. The app will load in Expo Go, allowing you to test the calculator on your mobile device.

## Contribution
Contributions are welcome! If you have improvements, bug fixes, or new features to contribute, please fork the project, make your changes, and submit a pull request.

## Author
Rafael Rodrigues

## License
Senai Gaspar Ricardo Júnior - 2023
